Today is September 17, 2019.
September 1. The spirits are somewhat annoyed / mildly perturbed today. fortune will not be on your side.
To avoid any mishaps, you should wear Supreme socks.
September 2. The spirits are somewhat annoyed / mildly perturbed today. fortune will not be on your side.
To avoid any mishaps, you should wear indigo jeans.
September 3. The spirits are very happy today! They will do their best to shower everyone with good fortune.
September 4. The spirits are very happy today! They will do their best to shower everyone with good fortune.
September 5. The spirits are very displeased today. They will do their best to make your life difficult.
To avoid any mishaps, you should wear Supreme underwear.
September 6. The spirits are in good humor today. I think you'll have a little extra fortune.
September 7. The spirits are somewhat annoyed / mildly perturbed today. fortune will not be on your side.
To avoid any mishaps, you should wear Peppa pig socks.
September 8. This is rare. The spirits feel absolutely neutral today.
September 9. The spirits are in good humor today. I think you'll have a little extra fortune.
September 10. The spirits are very happy today! They will do their best to shower everyone with good fortune.
September 11. The spirits are somewhat annoyed / mildly perturbed today. fortune will not be on your side.
To avoid any mishaps, you should wear black socks.
September 12. The spirits are very displeased today. They will do their best to make your life difficult.
To avoid any mishaps, you should wear black timbs.
September 13. This is rare. The spirits feel absolutely neutral today.
September 14. The spirits are in good humor today. I think you'll have a little extra fortune.
September 15. The spirits feel neutral today. The day is in your hands.
September 16. The spirits are somewhat annoyed / mildly perturbed today. fortune will not be on your side.
To avoid any mishaps, you should wear green underwear.
September 17. The spirits are somewhat annoyed / mildly perturbed today. fortune will not be on your side.
To avoid any mishaps, you should wear green earrings.
September 18. The spirits are somewhat annoyed / mildly perturbed today. fortune will not be on your side.
To avoid any mishaps, you should wear Supreme socks.
September 19. The spirits are very happy today! They will do their best to shower everyone with good fortune.
September 20. The spirits are very happy today! They will do their best to shower everyone with good fortune.
September 21. The spirits are somewhat annoyed / mildly perturbed today. fortune will not be on your side.
To avoid any mishaps, you should wear chicken-themed timbs.
September 22. The spirits are very happy today! They will do their best to shower everyone with good fortune.
September 23. The spirits feel neutral today. The day is in your hands.
September 24. The spirits feel neutral today. The day is in your hands.
September 25. The spirits are in good humor today. I think you'll have a little extra fortune.
September 26. This is rare. The spirits feel absolutely neutral today.
September 27. The spirits are very displeased today. They will do their best to make your life difficult.
To avoid any mishaps, you should wear no jeans.
September 28. This is rare. The spirits feel absolutely neutral today.
September 29. The spirits feel neutral today. The day is in your hands.
September 30. The spirits are very happy today! They will do their best to shower everyone with good fortune.
